Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true wish that God would give us strength to know just what to do then we
could tear down the fences that fence us all
in fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is Wednesday night bible study and boy do I
have a Whopper for you I have a Whopper for you tonight is going to be dedicated
to the art to the art of the ancient
sorcerer Christians yes yes you're going to love it tonight
on lady
[Music]
Babylon so tonight when we're wrapping up the sermon
we will bring in the guns and Neil will be joining us with some additional
Firepower fantastic it's gonna you're gonna love it tonight this is good stuff
this is good stuff but I'll start out Neil will slide in tonight I want to take you and be
before I tell you where we're going I'm going to dedicate this to a person
called Gunk wretch Gunk wretch is a demon-possessed
sorcerer he gets his cues from the devil yeah he does he does and he says
to me hey have you seen this text have you seen this text I'm like no he says
you know it's this good stuff from the Apocrypha and what did I do I ignore him
I ignored him a thousand pardons Master wretch a
thousand pardons so Gunk talks to the devil the devil tells him give this over
to Ammon so he tries again he mentions it oh and he says you've got to find it
and I'm like oh God I hate these things because most of them are Coptic and I can't go back to the
original right bring it to me if it's in Greek oh my God guess what the acts of
philli people we owe Gunk wretch a round of applause and a giant thank you tonight everybody out there in the chat
s sing GW the best and say thanks a lot for bringing
us now what did Gunk bring us Gunk brought us a ton an absolute ton of
drugs and cult he even brought us and this is this is what perked my ear up uh
this is you mean this is a fourth Century text that's in great Greek and
it talks it talks about the dragon Queen yes yes it does it does Jesus and
the sayings of Jesus that you didn't hear because the church said we're gonna
have to get rid of that well we've got the Greek we don't care if it's part of the cannon or not we bust down the doors
and take control of all of it right we're gonna do that we're gonna do that
oh god um and I've got a followup coming coming uh for satanic initiation on
Friday that this is culmination love it it's good stuff okay
I won't take up any of your time let's get to it that's enough turn it off Chey
we've gone back in the machine we're there and we want to see what's going on let's purify this joint before we get
out and start breathing the Vapes shall we do that let's purify this place
tonight we call in hipa we call her in to cleanse this
[Music]
Temple [Music]
a
[Music]
fantastic doesn't that feel good that feels good here's what I'm going to do
as the accompanyment as the sasus I'm GNA tell you just as a preview on Friday
it will be the episode to end all screeds I am going to put us all into
the skin of an ancient Lac and I'm gonna show you what you've
never seen oh god let's bring it let's bring it should we hit it Star Charts
let's go to our first point what is this oh bring it up bring it up lovely don't
you love seeing the Greek oh God but so what are people saying people Phillip
Phillip people people Phillip
Phillip people who is Phillip let's just look through the evidence you say this
is the Apostle of Jesus and I say yes you are right now let's see what the
text says not what our tradition say not what our best intentions say let's see
what the text say let's meet Phillip let's go okay so what are people saying
about him some people are saying he's a Magus look at line two people the third word in Magus do you see that you cannot
you cannot not look at that anymore it's in your brain Philips Z Magus and what else is he he's
scolio that guy is bent that guy is twisted up here you know what he does
I'm translating you know what he does he divides the Sexes what does he do that for he
teaches that Chastity is the focus to God to God will
get there by Chastity and that people who participate in producing
children they fall short into a place of pain thank you Phil Philip Thank You
Phillip do me a favor can you turn a woman into a man philli would you do
that for me Phillip in the name of Jesus Christ would you turn a woman into a
man no problem says Phillip I'll show you let's go to the next one next one
who is this Philip guy look at it third line in I know this is somebody talking to Phil look over here at Phil I know
that you are a pharmacos and a not just any farmacos
not just any drug using guy you're one of the ones that works with
Jesus that's right did you know Jesus told philli about this place he told him
he told him they'll catch up with you over there where is Phillip he goes to
Greece and as we're g to track him he ends up in Asia Minor or moday
turkey he ends up in a place he ends up in a place where they
worship a lady Dragon the great mother
the great mother and how does Jesus know about these
people let's see let's see don't let's not make anything up
right right we got I've been honest with you the whole time people right we can't
start making stuff up now let's go right back to the text here it is for anybody
who just soures you know I'm the only guy on the internet take it down sh I'm
gonna brag for a minute just everybody let me feel a little
bit I'm the I see a lot of people on YouTube doing lots and lots of
shows giving lots of interviews and I see a lot of ideas and
I don't see anybody actually doing the
Greek huh I see a lot of people professing to but I don't see a lot of
people doing it so the next time somebody says where's this evidence it's right here bring it up to it's right
here people look here it is okay let's read this let's just read it in the
Greek he says I'm gonna do a sign he says I know that you're a pharmacos and
a student of Jesus he says you're not gonna you're not gonna bamboozle me you're not going to
bamboozle me cuz what's what's Philip been doing he's been bamboozling people
this guy is nuts this guy is nuts he makes people blind and then heals them
leave it up he makes people blind and and then heals them so that they will
follow him and give him their children you're kidding oh by the end of
this you guys are GNA be so fed up you're gonna be so fed up with this circus oh God makes your stomach turn
what these Christians are doing and all under the direct leadership and guidance
of Jesus himself now Phillip fortunately is able to conjure
Jesus he's able to say Shazam and then all of a sudden
now there he is it's really cool you should see it and lots of drugs any
anyhow anywh who see how they're calling him a drug a drug guy watch what he does
he says you're not going to this other guy tells Philip he says you're not going to bamboozle me you're not going
to mess with my mind and so what does it say The Apostle says to him
ZB brah tah that's his summoning he just
summoned Jesus tahu come quickly and then he gave him some of the words that
we see in the Greek magical papyrus fantastic isn't that nice and look they
say these things forwards and backwards they take um syllables and reverse them
oh it's good stuff and if you're able to follow it you can tell which gods are
being imprecate so here Philip is he says his magic words up come up comes
Jesus and let's go back to text up comes Jesus yeah and um next oh oh oh and so
and so Phillip is like Phillip is like okay here we go and he does this thing
and you know he's like got a shout that's magic if you want to think of it
that way and he shouts this thing out this magic shout in the ground underneath this guy who says you're not
gonna bamboozle me it opens up and then swallows him up to his knees up to his knees and he says now do
you want to be a Christian the guy's like no so the ground opens up again only this
time up to his neck and he says now do you want to be a Christian long story short you know
sometimes it's hard to convince somebody to be a Christian sometimes you gotta
you know bury them up to their neck torture them a little bit right that
it's what the document is clearly supporting this is fantastic I love it
remember we're with the lce right we're with an organization that traffics in
children right what do you think we're doing where we're doing you want to chart the the
missionary travels and journeys of Phillip just look at all the stops he's
got to make to get kids yeah they continued the tradition
why they were born into it right they were born again you want to see the
drugs that they're making them born again with let's see next one give me the next oh look at this oh here it is
are you ready people look at this he deemed them worthy there were some people that were following Peter right I
mean uh Phillip and he deems them worthy of of
Theus what is a frogus look at that last word sidos right nice what is that what is
that oh well let's just click to the next one let's
see boom next one go ahead yeah um here's the definition um three and five
is what I want you to look at for what this thing is that he's got a tablet of lynian medicinal Earth okay fine we got
some medicine in there jump down to number five a past steel does anybody know what a past steel is does anybody
know it's a little bitty pill take that down chewy it's a little bitty pill that
you can put in a cup and it will dissolve and you can drink it and
whatever benefits of the pill were you're going to get but you can also take that little
pill they make them this way and you can burn it you can put that little cup in a
brazer and you can burn that thing and fumigate yourself
either way you can inhale it or you can swallow it huh okay okay so he's giving
him a p deel in the christing okay okay hold just hold it
remember he's a pharmacos he's a pharmacos so the technical V vocabulary
that they're using is pertinent it's overly pertinent
okay so let's go back to the one under that one I want people to see the Latin
as well because we have this thing go ahead under the under the last one we did next one there we go it comes from
the Latin word pasus right look a little Loaf a little Loaf in medicine it's a
little round ball or cake or Loz and then you see the Greek word below that
trus yes and all of a sudden take it down I'm going to give you some
you're welcome you can thank me you can thank me for this in the book of the Apocalypse when we are talking about
beasts and seals we are using medical terminology it is cult medical
terminology that lace Stace the lace uses and next week when we go walk
in the shoes of an ancient L you're going to be surprised you're going to be surprised about the power and effect of
the drugs within the child um slave trade yeah you're going to love it we
got speaking of child children slaves um from Antiquity from the ancient world we
we need some we need to bring them back in I've got more Bible with more of the you know with more of the child slaves
um let's see you know next text next text boom give me the next one yeah
right oh look I mentioned them and here they come it just can't get any better right so he deemed these people worthy
of this pill right that they receive in the
christing and what happens when they used it look I'm the very next line a
great joy breaks out in the house right in their dwelling and what happens poloo
duloy lots of slaves and lots of P Sky
oh no oh no and this isn't just saying this isn't just saying male slaves and
female slaves this is saying slaves both male and female and
you know what the pidis is Right prostitute
prostitute okay that's what the Greek says I'm just bringing you the Greek and
for those of you out there who would try and try again to sit under the bridge and write your screed and try to get me
thrown off of YouTube for those of you who are into
those kind of tactics behind the
veil
thanks chewy thanks we got a little St we got a little C to come through a little asteroid belt or something what
was that was that alderon I think it was alderon um fantastic let's keep going
bring up that text here we go are you guys ready for this boom next one yep
that's good yeah yeah and what happens so a lot of these slaves and many of these prostitutes and children pides
just just children Strays right this is a big problem in Antiquity stray children is a big thing and the Romans
are like stop doing that to those stray children and the early Christians are
like uh-uh got to catch us so it was a game they played lot of arresting a lot
of imprisonment stuff like that because the Christian church is that slave
trading operation from the beginning so okay let's let's take a look take a look
at what who else ends up there the kids oh and this is terrible the napia the
napia oh no the napia show up that's like saying somebody who's
the you know doesn't have all their faculties can't make any sort of
decisions on their own very malleable these are the people that that
um uh celsus was it celsus yeah was
complained about I think it was complained about um when he said these are the kind of people that the
Christians Target right right um so these are unfortunates right A lot of
these kids are abandoned and they end up again look they're flocking to Phillip
and his magic it's you know uh yeah yeah and notice that it explicitly states
that they are children that they are children right okay let's see what
happens Philip show us your drugs we still got to see him transform a boy into a girl he does that he does that St
Phillip we love you we Love You Phillip okay let's go to the next text
let's go boom boom boom boom yeah okay and so what did they do they got mad at
this point okay I'm just I'm showing you what's happening to philli okay and it's kind of yeah I'm enjoying the parts I
enjoy so give me a break the crowd has had enough the crowd has had enough of
Phillip and his drugs and they take him captive and they lead him to the place
I'm translating to the place of where they're going to judge him in in order they may uh whip him right lacerate him
right get him the mes with that Whip and the crowd the crowd shouts out bind his
hands and feet so we can beat him they end up taking him and fixing him to the
wall it's very no no if you Delight in
such things if you Delight did I lose did I lose the thing there
here if you Delight if you Delight in St Phillip
hung upside down and chained being beaten with a
whip and at one point they they consider bleeding
him why are they gonna bleed Phillip because these this these are the
people who follow they they call them the serpents and they follow it's a culture
it's an ethnicity and they follow the dragon Queen and they want Philip's
blood to give to her to consume they want to give her um her his
blood to drink to drink do you know why Philip's blood is so important if you if
you read that you it'll it'll pass you over and you won't understand why it's
important that guy's blood is so full of drugs it's so full of drugs he can make
the seeing blind and the blind see with just a
fumigation oh my God okay let's watch this oh and by the way tonight I also
have I know it's getting late Neil it's gonna another 15 minutes let's uh
because I've got something good for you tonight the dragon communion the dragon communion I want you guys to see this
you guys didn't know about the Christian Dragon communion did you you guys are all sitting there and you're being
bombarded with all of this YouTube all of these different shows that you can
watch nobody's gonna give you this I'm giving you the Greek text showing it to you just gonna speak
it out and we're going to see something nobody else has seen the dragon communion when you raise
the dragon lift up that Dragon Moses not a
word not a [Music] word next Source please J let's go to
the next one fantastic we're almost there look at this um yeah don't don't this is a Prohibition here
people this is a Prohibition yeah don't blind us with
your magic that's somebody I just wanted you to see they know his Maga whatever
that pharmacos is doing it's causing people problems yeah this is a public service
that they're doing with Phillip hanging them upside down it's a public service
yeah I'm telling you those everybody know knows he's a follower of Jesus
right so what does that what does that imply yeah there's a
connection between the name of Jesus and the activities of the L St and those of
you who say that means w no it doesn't
okay let's go this is I love it man if you're gonna do it let's go all the way guys let's show them the next text this
is uh this is fantastic look so um these men you know they serve this Akida this
Viper goddess right and she's the mother of the serpents she's the mother of the
serpents next one please mother of the serpents and what happens now he says M
hey Miriam Miriam who is maram maram who is that it's Philip's twin
sister that he transforms into a boy Philip has a twin sister yes and he
tells her here he says what what he says change change your feminine
form change your feminine form and go about with
Phillip oh my God change your form that's quite a thing he's talking about
doing there this guy is nuts or these these drugs are great one of the two
let's go keep going right are you surprised that the serpent can change the form from masculine to feminine are
you surprised oh my goodness the dragon Queen knows baby that's why we're here
that's why we're here you think they worshiped lady Babylon for a reason right I'm going to show you the actual
reason at the end it's the last quote today you're gonna second to last you're going to love it okay keep going thanks
for hanging in there ostic give me a little bit of time I know you'd love it look at this first line hey de Thea
here's another one the CL also does what she changes the arrangement the
cosmos the cosmos she changes that of her feminine nature into that I'm
translating of a man she metamorphosizes can you believe that
it's another one Philip meets these people and by the way they're young the
one I'm about to show I'm going to show you one more um right they
children right the one that he's about to change is is the daughter of somebody
who's there and she's doing something and and let's let's go to it okay so
remember the Venom the Venom's there I keep going oh God it's a lovely path I
think they're all going to find it look okay ready there's hidden stuff in here
people are you ready you're going to love this yeah yeah so um anyway the Apostle of Christ he went up to the
region of Parthia and there he saw in a city um the Apostle Peter the Apostle of
Jesus and he's with some Companions and he's also with some students and some women what kind of
women the kind of women who put on the
genuiness of the man oh goodness the kind of women who
put on the pistus it's the word that you guys have heard over and over is
Faith a transformation a transformation love it
love it and Neil would tell you but he's been reading plenty plenty's talking about transformations of male to female
and female to male and how do you do this and what is the nature of the drugs that are involved in doing this s sounds
very modern doesn't it sounds very modern yes fantastic it is indeed give
me the next Source people are gonna I've got to give you the climax are we coming to the climax yeah I think we're coming
I think we're coming up here okay um yeah when you're thinking about Jesus
the vampire Jesus that gets summoned by Phillip because he has that power when
you think about him this is who he is he says I am the son suu
N I am the son the god of
righteousness yes yes yeah and you're my
rise oh you almost had me Jesus you know it
got creepy in the end why don't you just leave it I'm the son you're my Rays okay
wait a minute this is one Magus to another okay let those with ears to hear
here go to the next one chewy please we're almost there only a couple of more
look at this um so what happens this uh there's a young girl and she has an eye
long story short she's got an eye infection of some sort and it's very painful and her daddy who's some big wig
drives an ancient Tesla probably right um he he's worried he's worried because
his daughter is coming to him and he's taking her the doctor he's got ones that worked for the local potentate you know
what I mean and nothing's helping her and she says she says tonight she says I
heard this guy right she said he's got drugs um the end of this is actually is
uh PHA see the drugs there um this is him talking about the drugs that have
been used already to try to heal her of her eye problem and he asked he says
there he says what else is there that I can do right what else can I possibly do for you we taking you to all the other
doctors what what what else can I do and then bring the next text and then she says in response isn't this nice it's a
little episode of reality from the ancient world you know your his daughter has an eye infection it's not going away
and none of these idiot doctors can figure it out so what does she say to him she says I know Dad she says I know
that you have always labored on my behalf she says now the thing that I
deem right do it for me please yeah what I think do it right she said tonight I
have heard on this very night I heard the voice of a doctor and he's a stranger he's not from here he talks
different talk talk talk different and he comes here and what does he say um
he's preaching about drugs he's announcing some great new
drugs that he's got there you got he's sleeping over in your storage unit over there because they rented out this
storage unit to The Travelers she said I heard him talking he knows these new
drugs he'll be able to heal me I'll bet you and next slide let's see what happens let's see what happens oh my God
she says um you know of course he does right but he um she says oh my goodness
she says I'm begging you she goes right to him right she says I'm begging you Phillip you're the servant of God right
heal this pain that I got going on in my eyes if you do I will be your servant to
Lea I will be your servant to Lea and right away you ask yourself what
is a servant TOA is that something that is that a some kind of slave that is perfect that
has been through the right that has been finished accomplished
done um that's odd let's see if tea has anything else let's is there I've got a
did did I manage to bring this one go to the next slide go to the next slide um yeah look look what I dug up people
you're gonna love this this is an antidote from scribonius a Roman where can you get this you think your people
are gonna pull this up they're not going to pull this up for you you any Bible scholar you've got who's saying oh L
stage is this they don't know these tanks they don't do this work they don't
have the right to say things that are so patently wrong yes look at this so this
is the antidote of Martian the um physician right um yeah and this thing
is look this thing is called TOA by the Greeks see on the second line TOA there
it is and why is it called TOA she said she's going to be a TOA servant what is
TOA TOA TOA TOA bring it out to me
it is an antidote okay for those of you have been watching this whole time and adding
things up it is an antidote a servant antidote I told you
they are using the human body to produce
drugs in rights that involve sex
yeah okay she is entering into the position that Jesus Took from all of his
Apostles they are coming under the umbrella of the leas who is going to run the business of
their prostitution she is entering that
institution with Phillip fantastic where is she gonna produce the
antidote how is she G to produce the antidote give me that next text this is okay people hold on hold on to your seat
NOP below that hold on to your seat yeah yeah oh this is just I'm sorry it's the
next one chewy it's the next one that just talks more about him as a pharmacal and yep yep no some people say it was a
magician blah blah blah we know that already yep yep yep let's keep going oh
and where at this point in the game they're at a house of a guy who had was blind and um
they made him see again and I'm just going to translate for you um the last
line um he came to seea again
through Theos of the woman who served them
of the woman who was assigned aolo the woman who was assigned who took in her
um slavery who became the doulos right that slave is the one who
is giving this thing and it's Theus can we get that text one more time I just
want people so they don't you know I've been saying they use human body fluids
in right in Ru right and it because it's all over with the medicine people but you can't get away from the medicine so
because it's not weird or unusual in the rights look at this look at what they're
doing here look at the tmos what does that mean bring me up the
next boom whoops that was a wrong one take it down just what does that mean it
can be translated from the verb tuo which means exactly what it sounds a
little ejaculation of fluid from the body and some sort or another it doesn't
have to be just from the mouth it can be any ejection of fluids any production of
fluids PUO little PUO little spit out there yes yes coming from she who has
entered in to the slavery she who is the
antidote when when you ask yourself why Jesus is with a naked boy in a public
park uh at 4:00 a.m. when he gets arrested yelling I'm not a child trafficker you have to realize that that
child was a lot more than just an innocent victim that child was a
transformed Factory for drug rights yes yes okay okay now Jesus and
the naked boys um we're going to continue this theme with Neil now um who
is going to talk to you about the gospel of of philli oh and the dragon thing
we'll have to wait on the the great um summoning of the dragon and the rights we'll get to that but now I want to
bring Neil I just got a couple texts that I'm gonna throw in I'll give it right back to you and you can finish off
with that Dragon um and a couple of them are related this is from the gospel of Peter Coptic Tex
attributed to Peter same guy different language this one this first one's
called God is a Maneater and so this is the gospel of Peter is not really a gospel in like
like you're like you're used to it's a it's wisdom literature so it has little paragraphs with different titles and
it's just all over the place back and forth there is no like doesn't start in the beginning in the beginning Mary gave
birth nope it just goes all over the place wisdom literature sort of like a proverb well yeah Proverbs anyways God
is a Maneater so people are sacrificed to him whoa this is the Christian [__]
right here this is the real Christian [__] listen to this before humans were sacrificed it was animals because those
they were eaten by were not Gods wait a minute are you telling me that your God
just wants to be sacrificed humans and not animals what what this is
like before I go to the next one thoughts on this one real quick what do you think about this yeah the consumer you know what
I've seen a band of women eat eat a person take him apart and eat him so
yeah no this is uh I would smell in line with that bakic tradition isn't it yeah exactly no it's part it's why the Greeks
are always walking around embarrassed about their past saying well we don't sacrifice human beings anymore anym
right yeah and then and the Jews said the same thing about um sacrificing their like if you look at the Old
Testament text it says like oh they outlawed Human Sacrifice because of
Abraham like they basically let you know like before Abraham this was all this was all over the place which is you know
whatever and there's there's text from like poery about uh people in Canan
sacrificing humans to Saturn and there's a lot of texts like that actually anyways I thought that was interesting
oh there's there's another Christian group that butt heads with this group The Val I think it's the uh the Seth
sethians they didn't get along well because the canites were pure
vegetarians so they thought that Yahweh this is these canites were badasses they
were completely completely Against the Grain they thought Yahweh this God that wants
Human Sacrifice evil and they said Jesus is the son of a different god um Sophia
wisdom and they said that Yahweh is evil because of this and so they have diff
they have different opinions on Cain was the good guy Abel was the bad guy such stuff like that anyways I'm gonna keep
going next one mystery is called this one says I'm gonna read it from my text
so I can't see the bottom this is this is called mystery same Gospel of philli Coptic text translated into English it
is good to speak of mystery especially because the father of all joined with
the Virgin who came down and on that day a fire Shone over him he came to the
bridal chamber so so on that very day his body came into being and on the day
he left the chamber with a splendor you know what that word is and what passed
between the bride and the bridegroom through this Force Jesus did
everything it is good for his it is good for each of his students to go into the
chamber and rest get in there little boys get in the bed get in the bridal bed with Jesus you
know what time it is it's time for the christing any thoughts on that one I
think it's mainstream um uh worship of the great
mother with the intimacy with the boy entering the bed with you I don't think
the Christians can get away from their Heritage and um yeah I would I would say
you know again we're right in the middle of the mystery religion so yeah bra you might and you might be asking hey wait a
minute there's no christing going on here what do you get what you just adding stuff let's go to the next let's go to the next one the superior
superiority of crism to baptism the crism is superior to baptism
for the word crism we have been called Christians see it's not just about Jesus
being a Christian it's about you being christed get it and surely not from the
word baptism they're not Baptists that's a whole other baket cult all the way in Greece and maybe John was part of that
movement that's we know about the origins of the Baptists it's not Judaism the Baptists were bakins living in
Corinth uh Ephesus and a couple other locations and they were devotees of the
Goddess Kus k t y s look it up for yourself don't listen to me look it up
for yourself they were called Baptist these are Christians and because of the
crism Christ has his name the father Anointed The Son the son Anointed The
Messengers see you get you get christed too and The Messengers anointed us who
has been anointed possesses everything Resurrection light cross holy spirit
that's that Daisy Demona Daisy demonia the father gave him this in the bridal
chamber there you go the Christ in the bridal chamber just like I just mentioned in the last passage he merely
accepted the gift you are the Beloved you are the disciple of the of the Adept
when you're an initiate in the Mysteries you do as they say you are the young boy being initiated probably around 12 years
old usually um myth r did this Christians did this this was the way it
was you are the young boy gets anointed and initiated by an elder man you become his beloved you get christed and then
you pass it on to the next every t as soon as you become of age and you're old enough to find your own boy to Christ
that's when it happens you initiate the next that's how it started off that's what the sources tell us the father gave
him in his Bridal chamber he merely accepted the gift see how those L these
two passages are linked together the one was about the bridal chamber and this one's about Christ thing so and he gets
in his bed with the Splendor what does that mean
naked that's what that means yeah so I got one more text that I want to show
and this one I me you mentioned ejaculation this is not from the Gospel of Philip but it's also part of the same
group of text that came from the same area nagamati and Coptic and it says
Darkness a ulates mind into the womb I'm going to read the first paragraph and when the darkness saw the womb he M he
became unass and when he had aroused the water he rubbed the womb his mind
dissolved down to the depths of Nature and mingled with the power of the bitterness of darkness and the wombs eye
ruptured at the wickedness in order that she might not again bring forth the Mind
The Noose for it was seed of nature from the Dark
Root oh one more sentence and when Nature had taken to herself the Mind by means of the dark power every likeness
took shape in her in her and when the darkness had acquired the likeness of
the mind and resembled the spirit so what I want to get your
thoughts on this text what do you think about this I think it's gorgeous I think it's gorgeous and I think it's a perfect
it's a perfect lead up to that which they pull out of that darkness when they
talking about that seed um why don't we talk about the seed
of the Dragon coming from the darkness right people don't real and people are
like what what are you guys talking about this is Christianity people this is the symbols that they're using and
Neil assuming your translator from that Copic hit the symbols right I mean you
know just from you know somebody who doesn't do cic right those symbols that you're hitting are straight up mystery
they're so perfectly meshed with the text that I'm about to show um Neil if
you can stick around I know do it I'm excited for this because I okay we have two texts that are that are attributed
to Phillip so we're thinking is this a you know they have the Joe hanine
collection they have the Pauline collection well we're we're today we're looking at the Philippine collection so
let's let's continue I like that I like that okay
um I'm about to sh what I'm about to show you is an actual right I'm not
going to comment on it for those of you who have ears to hear I want you to pay attention I want you to be focused um
but I'm not going to comment on it I'm just going to translate it because I think you just need this Source I don't
want any of my ideas going into it um chewy hit us with the first one blow it
up so that I can just begin all right here we go I'm putting on my glasses and
it came about when the apostles had gathered together with one another of their company was Phillip and
Bartholomew and Mary om and the leopard and the Goat both of which
talk they went around for five days and after the midnight
prayers they got up early and got on the road when
behold all of a sudden a great dark wind
blew upon them and from the darkness
Came Upon the Servants of God the dragon the greatest Dragon who comes
from the dark his back is
black his belly Burns like the coals of bronze in
the in the oh [__] what is that spos in the sparks in the Sparks of the
fire the his body is stretched out over a
hundred cubits and a multitude of serpents and a
multitude of The Offspring of those serpents ser the
dragon the entire place that we call the
void Quakes next
page when uh when Phillip when Phillip saw all of
this he says to Bartholomew and to Miram right hey guys um we have the need right
now of the Savior let us call to mind the great
Oracle of Christ who sent us out and said and ready people here's a quote of
Jesus you've never heard don't be afraid fear neither
persecution nor the serpents of that place nor the dark
dragon so Philip says let's stand then let's stand then as pillars rooted
before the face of God and you know what we'll do we all of the power of the of
the enemy will be stifled and their platform their argument their their
arrogance will fall let us pray and let us purify the
air in the cup there that Darkness will be
established and a cloud will rise okay wait a minute what okay let's
finish this those of you who are watching The Cult happened let's finish it he's about to get really culty forget
about the talking leopard right now forget about why philli is walking around with a leopard and a goat right
forget about the bakic influence forget about all the bakic ter technology that they're using forget about the shouts
and the drugs let's see what happens to the dragon this is going to be weird
right go go ahead next yeah and so what happens taking the cup and this is the
cup of communion people taking the cup for
each they prayed in this way are you ready they're holding that thing up
right you're looking at the cup of communion this is the cup of Christ and what do they say to the cup of
Christ you are the one who creates the allfire
do you are the darkness of the bridal you are the one who bridles the mouth of
the Dragon you are the one who controls the dragon's anger you're the one who
turns away all of the ill that my enemy would do against me you are the one who
plunges the man into your own fire you're the one who guards the burrow
you're the one who makes strong the coming out of the Dragon you're the one who guards his
appearance come with us into this Wilderness for we run through this world
cycle by means of your will and command
oh my goodness finally finally what last one
so Philip turns right he he goes through all these minations he's doing this right he's been saying his magic phrases
he's been using his drugs and now he turns and he says to Bart and to marryam
he says now stand up wait what yeah they were laying down the whole time he says
get up now and raise up your hand with that sacred cup that we have
fortified and now purify the air use the sign of the cross behold the glory and
the power of God behold the glory and the power of
God oh my goodness and immediately what happened people now we we've been
waiting for this moment take it down for just one minute we've been waiting for this moment the whole time I told told
you guys they were using this right and what they would be doing with it the only thing you're doing in the mystery
is you're bringing the lightning if you are the Son of God you are bathed in the lightning you are that
power you are born a new this is the
rebirth that Christianity promises and in it we have to find lightning
go ahead chewy hit us with that Source hit us with that Source ready this is the last paragraph and immediately there
came about something that was like fire
lightning lightning of fire fir producing lightning that consumes and
let me continue translating and what happens it blinded it blinded the dragon
and what else the beasts that were in the dragon wait a minute are we talking
about the cup are we talking about the antidote the TOA are we talking about
the dragon as the formula the dragon is
that which contains the theia the
beasts in in the book of the Apocalypse they are using this exact same termin
ology right and their trisco are taking them there their drugs are taking them
there let's go let me finish it off and that's it I'm sorry to take so long tonight and the apostles what did the
apostles do they averted their eyes they averted their eyes and so that they
wouldn't be able to see into that amazing
place that was revealed in lightning that amazing place is the place that
produces that sputum it is the place that produces that juice of the body
that they call the Water of Life and it is there that one becomes blind those
serpents get that drug in their eyes we know that poor fiery talks about
the use of Venoms to create cause BL mindness and he talks about them as
these potent drugs so what are we going to do what are we gonna do here
with with our right that we're watching if you want to follow the communion and
enter the lightning you must become blind a child of the serpent a child of
a kidna now do you know why Jesus was sitting on the cross screaming for sabak
Thor because that one guy in the audience that was watching him as he was hanging there dying that one guy in the
audience said oh see soon as he said sabak Thon that one guy said I told you
I told you the guy was a Satanist he casts out demons in the powers of the
underworld I told you he was this is exactly what the craft of the lace days
is meant to do you are meant to Shadow within that
saturnian Kingdom to perpetuate this abuse it's amazing it's
amazing Neil I'm gonna let you fill in any you know questions anxieties what um
what do you think I think I might have found a kid not right now can we can we pull up the screen that I
got ready for this this is Taylor Swift at her concert
[Music]
yo it hits right when she right when she screams the lightning SC and there's
there's like four other videos like this with Taylor Swift like yo is she the Christ is she the chosen one I'm just
saying just saying that is a base that is a base appeal Neil to Tay Tay right
okay she got your message there okay she got she's got your message dragon that Dragon really puts
context in what's going on in Revelation now all of a sudden this text gives us the context what's happened in
Revelation with the dragon Yeah the more cult terminology that you pick up and the more you see how the Cults are
operating the more you can track it that way and it all of a sudden those things that you think are signs and wonders
that preachers preach about all the time and they're always coming up with the latest theory about who is the
Antichrist none of that none of that stuff matters it doesn't matter at all once you see the context of what's going
on it locks in and it makes sense the authors of um what we call the
apocalypse they didn't they they didn't assemble something that was meant to drive us all nuts that we wouldn't
understand right they're not going to be able to talk outside of their natural
cilene oracular um expressions and that's what they're using it's it's the
the apocalypse is all siblin it's it's early earlier than John reprocessed by
John in fact Kelis when kelus is describing the Christians he says that he's he branches
them out he says the people that call themselves Christians are among the first thing he says is civilist then he
says simonian then he names up uh maronites a couple other groups first
thing he says though civilist so I'm like the the cilis are tied to the Christians
early on early on and everyone knew it kelsus is prime example of giving you
telling you that right away when he says the people that we call Christians are these groups and the first name he gives
civilist so he talks a lot about that too n nice that's good backup what do
you think about give me your opinion Neil about the transformation he does this to three different women um he
transforms them into men what do you think is the significance of that there's this idea of coming reborn
in transformation metamorphosis ID don't look look let's ID appus bakus all these
texts that are called metamorphosis the story is you start off in this place you
go through your passion and then you come out metamorphosized that's the whole that's that's the tragedy of life
you know how nii talks about the appolloni and dionan to combined is a
tragedy you can't have one without the other it's like a ying and the Yang dionis the dark Apollo the light they're
like a ying yang they have to they're opposites of each other EP dianis is
cthonic underworld dark vegetation moisture the underworld that pushes the
moisture up Apollo he's underworld and Apollo is Heavenly in the sky he's a
lightbringer he's the he he's the light that goes down and those two together is
the metamorphosis it's the tragedy so you have to go through that in your life everybody's supposed to go through that
in a lifetime that's a fulfilled life that's a complete life and it's a it's amazing that the
orix use the very same conceptions with the arrows of AOS they're either gold or
they're black and people are always or cyanic they described cyanic dark black
something like that and um people always ask what's the difference between those
um arrows and Aphrodite because Aphrodite is sometimes described as golden and sometimes as dark right and
she Lo loses those when she enters that dark morning she becomes that Queen of
the underworld so you see the very same thing it's going on between Apollo and
dionisis it's some kind of physics that they're explaining about how the
cosmos works yeah it's gorgeous Neil I I mean it makes you kind of want to join
one of these ancient Cults you know what I mean just to just to get access to if nothing else all the good Scrolls you
know what I mean yeah I understand it I don't have anything like I get it I understand these thing like when I look
at the ancient world and I see this culture I'm like wow makes sense that seems like like the elisian Mysteries
okay Deiter and bakus Vine and and uh Vine and uh grain right Bread and Wine
those two moisture dryness they to come together in the cup you mentioned that cup that Eucharist you take the cup you
die you go through a a psychedelic trip you die and then you have an orgy all
night you go through this wild ecstatic experience to become a new person have
this experience that you'll never forget by Dawn they would do it all night this is what they describe the Mysteries when
you get initiated all night long you are tripping on this Kon you're having these
orgies you're going through it then they bring out the phus in this box this holy
box in the heropants you they're holding it and you the initiate are the only
person who's allowed to touch it you open the box you bring out the FAS you touch it and then you put it back then
you say the magic words I have get taken from the box I put back in the box then
as Dawn starts to rise up as this as the lightbringer as Lucifer starts to show up you are supposed to go to a Baptist
you go to the Next Room the telesterion you take a bath sacred bath you get
washed after you're washed you come out it's Dawn it's daylight you are reborn
the people who went through this experience we have testimonies all of them all the testimonies are all saying I've no
longer feared death I am saved I'm S I have salvation they all experienced this
thing so whatever was going on in these Mysteries was changing people's lives to
the point where for example this is my next video that I'm about to release in the next day or two about Dian Isis
there was a guy from from uh India his name is zaris he traveled all the way
from India to go meet up with Augustus as a um messenger from King porus the
Indian king he wanted to send delegates to offer a a hand and pieace like we're
going to have peace the the Romans and the Indians we you know there's no war between us blah blah blah blah blah so
he sends over this delegate zaris and zaris knew about the elidan Mysteries
all the way in India dianis was so famous he's worshiped everywhere everyone knows who dianis is he gets to
Athens he gets up at the Augustus he go they go to El eloin Mysteries they open it up even though it's out of season
because it's Augustus Augustus can do stuff he's the August one he's the Augustus so they opened it up they let
this guy get initiated what does he do right this is going to sound crazy but I kind of in a weird way I kind of like
understand it this guy got initiated went through that experience that I just explained and then after the next
morning jumped into a fire and killed himself and then he wrote they wrote on his Tombstone that he had nothing else
in life that he needed to fulfill his he wanted to end his time as the brahin do it says like is's a custom of the brahin
that when you are fulfilled you end your life there's no point you go on to the next and he felt after being in
initiated into the rights of bakas emiter there was nothing else to be done I want to end it wow that's crazy that's
that's and that's in like 10 different that's in like four I think four or five different sources uh cassus Dio says it
Nicholas of Damascus a couple other people have this written in this in different ways but it's it's well sourced this happened so he was with
Augustus and strangely enough that text tonight that I showed you from in the
Latin that is a Formula that the text says is taken from Augustus that he's
the one who uses it right he's using this really Advanced formula so yeah it
it's uh it it makes you wonder Neil when when people are going through it and
they're professional like upstanding you know good people and intelligent people
that you trust like Cicero and they say that you got to go through these rights
because you you really aren't aware where before you do yeah you know who
got you know the list of people who got I'll give you a short list of people who were initiated into the eloen
Mysteries um Julius Caesar Cleopatra Marcus Aurelius Olympus Queen the uh the
mother of Alexander the Great Alexander the Great Augustus I mean that's just a short list of like the some of the most
famous people in world history Plato Socrates all those people in Athens they
all did this this was a you had to or else who were you if you didn't get it initiated they all did this it was a way
of purging the people it was a way of somehow keeping that democracy going and
I know it predates it but it does something for the people there's something in that Purge that changes
your perspective that kind of I don't know is it freeing you know is that what
it is essentially it just frees your mind because it allows you to experience what's beyond that point of death what's
before that point of birth you know it it the stuff is the fact that they have
constructed and when you talk about elus ELO they didn't just sit down one day and say oh my God we're gonna figure out
this right right that's that's been handed down that Bronze Age mystery
right you know had such a profound effect on the world yeah you know they
said it it lasted past like they don't even know how old it is they there
sources of it in the Myan period so it's at least Bronze Age at least but it
lasts all the way to 500 AD they couldn't get rid of it even the even like the worst Christian Emperors that
tried to shut it down couldn't it took a long time that it was the last thing to go out of all the Pagan religions the
last thing because nobody wanted to lose it everybody loved it and so you know what they did to end it Christians are
you got to hand it to them they're kind of smart they're slick they co-opted it they created a a a a new story about St
Demetrius Demetrius means deer's son and he was a he was an initiate and El was
indan mysteries in the fifth century and they said that Deiter came to him in a
dream and told him that they needed to convert ELO zinian to an orthodox church
and this is what your decree is and so they obviously you know converted it
into a church that church is still there today it's an orthodox church but they had to go that route to get rid of it
they couldn't just do it out of popular vote or people not wanting it they had to do it in a in a slick way so that's
that that guy's name is St Demetrius to this day it was kind of like rewriting history wasn't it I mean if you st
Orphus they have a St Orpheus orus he's holding a a liar in his hand it's Orpheus but his name St Orpheus they had
to co-op these things they were too popular too big for people to just cancel you know what I mean yeah
Christianity is built on oric physics so there there's no there's no way that you couldn't deny the connection I love that
all right I'm going to give you the last comment throw in anything you want and thanks for coming tonight Neil well I
just want to say Sabah cathon in fact hail
Satan saak kathon saak kathon we have the translation or no all right fine h
s I was hoping we can get oh there it goes it's on the bottom saath saath now
you know saying nice chewy thanks all right hail Satan
guys that F us all in Fes created by such evil men then we
could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together again